Changes in Version 0.4.9
   o Fixed a critical bug in making svg images
   o The legend now takes less space by default.
   o Added the argument 'GLratio' to qgraph() which specifies the relative size of the graph compared to the layout.
   o 'legend.cex' now defaults to 0.6
   o qgraph.panel() now omits the legend by default as it couldn't handle legends anyway.
   o qgraph.panel() now uses better options for the layout of the factorial graph
   o Fixed a bug in qgraph.sem() causing the spring layout to malfunction.
	
Changes in Version 0.4.8
   o The 'groups' argument can now be assigned a factor as well as a list.
   o qgraph.cfa should now correctly call only the sem package version of sem().
   o In qgraph.sem(), connections between variables at the same level (e.g. regression among factors) can now be curved in the circular layout.
   o Simular to 'directed', the qgraph() arguments 'curve', 'lty' and 'bidirectional' can now also be supplied in matrix form.
   o qgraph.cfa() can now also use the lavaan package
   o qgraph.cfa() now has a 'pkg' argument indicating which package should be used for estimation. Defaults to "sem" and can also be "lavaan"
   o Added the qgraph.lavaan() function which creates an output document to the results of a lavaan fit simulair to what qgraph.sem() does for the sem package
   o Arguments in the qgraph() help file are now divided into multiple sections
   o Added the argument 'overlay' to qgraph(). Set this to true to plot a venn-diagram like overlay over the graph.
   o Several packages are now imported rather than suggested/depended
   o New feature: Significance graphs:
     o qgraph() can now be used to plot significance levels (p-values). To do this set mode="sig". This will result in a graph in which two nodes are connected if p<0.05. Different shades of blue indicate different levels of significance. A bonferonni correction can also be applied. Also works with gray=TRUE.     
	 o Added the argument 'mode' to qgraph() which specifies what the edge weights mean. Currently this can be "strength" (default) or "sig" (see below)
     o The 'graph' argument in qgraph() can now be set to "sig" or "significance". If so, the p-value for each correlation is calculated (using the fdrtool package), and a significance mode graph is made.
	 o The `bonf' argument in qgraph() can be set to TRUE to apply a bonferonni correction by multiplying all p-values by the number of p-values
     o The `alpha' argument in qgraph() can be used to set significance levels of interest
   o The `OmitInsig'  argument can be used to omit all correlations/p-values with a p-value above the lowest value in `alpha'.
   o Using `OmitInsig = TRUE' and `gray = TRUE' with a correlation matrix will create an unweighted graph in which only significant correlations are connected.
   o Using edgelists as input for qgraph() can now also be done with a dataframe and contain characters. These characters will be used as edge labels	 
   o qgraph() now also moderatly supports "graphNEL" objects (Rgraphviz) and "pcAlgo" objects (pcalg). See example
	 
	 
Changes in Version 0.4.7
   o Added the qgraph.cfa() function, which performs a confirmatory factor analysis using the sem package
   o Fixed a bug in qgraph.sem() causing faulty path diagrams if nodes were labelled numerically
   o Fixed a bug in qgraph() causing misplaced edge labels if some edges are bidirectional
   o The 'rotation' argument is removed from qgraph.sem() because it should no longer be nescesary
   o The "circle" layout is now default in qgraph.sem()
   o Added the 'gray' argument to qgraph(). If this is TRUE the graph will be plotted in grayscale colors.
   
Changes in Version 0.4.6
  o New features:
	o Added more options for the 'directed' argument. When using an edgelist this can be a vector indicating per edge if it is directed or not. If an adjacency matrix is used then this can be a matrix indicating if the element indicates a directed edge.
	o the output of qgraph() now also contains the edgelist. Running qgraph() on the output of another qgraph() run should now give exactly the same graph.
	o Added three functions for S3 methods: print.qgraph(), summary.qgraph() and plot.qgraph().
	o qgraph() now calls qgraph.loadings(), qgraph.efa(), qgraph.pca(), qgraph.sem() and qgraph.semModel() if the first argument is respectively of class "loadings", "factanal", "principal", "sem" and "mod".
	o Added the 'DoNotPlot' argument to qgraph(). If this is TRUE then nothing will be plotted, but the graph will still be returned as usual.
	o qgraph.layout() has been removed since the 'DoNotPlot' argument makes it redundant.
	o Updated examples with big 5 data. Examples are now also executable using example(qgraph).
  o qgraph.loadings() and its wrappers qgraph.efa() and qgraph.pca() have been revamped:
	o Residuals can now be plotted in qgraph.loadings() using the 'resid' argument. qgraph.efa() includes residuals by default.
	o Inter-factor correlations can now be plotted using the 'factorCors' argument.
	o qgraph.loadings() now runs faster and results in smaller PDF filesizes.
	o qgraph.loadings() now uses "circle" layout by default.
	o A "loadings" object can now be passed to qgraph.loadings(), a "factanal" object to qgraph.efa() and a "principal" object to qgraph.pca().
  o Minor changes to qgraph.sem():
	o New function added: 'qgraph.semModel()'. This function makes a path diagram based on a sem model.
	o New argument added to qgraph.sem(), 'panels', which can be assigned a vector indicating which panels should be plotted.
	o 'filetype' can now be anything but "pdf" to use qgraph.sem() to plot in R.
  o Bug fixes:
	o Fixed a bug that caused edges to be plotted several times in directed graphs.
	o The qgraph() function should now be significantly quicker.
    o Fixed an issue causing placement of edges to assume a square node as origin.

 
Changes in Version 0.4.5
  o Added the Big 5 dataset.
  o layout.orig is now returned as well as layout. This is the original layout (not rescaled) which can be used for constraints
  o in 'qgraph.loadings' nodes are now reordered if the factors can be identified
  o Added the 'vTrans' argument, which can be used to make nodes transparant.
  o Fixed a critical bug resulting in oversized edges if the largest absolute edge weight is negative
  
Changes in Version 0.4.4
  o Weights are now divided by the 'maximum' when computing the fruchterman-reingold layout.
  o Fixed an issue causing loops to become too large
  o Fixed an issue causing diag="col" assignment to also create loops
  o 'directed' now defaults to TRUE if an edgelist is used as input in 'qgraph'
  o Fixed a bug with the spring layout and groups list
  o The nfact argument now defaults to the amount of eigenvalues greater than 1 or the length of the groups list.
  o Using layout="circle" in qgraph.loadings should now generate a better looking layout.
  o 'width' and 'height' are now automatically adjusted to the size of the opened device.
 
Changes in Version 0.4.3
  o Fixed a bug in the 'tooltips' argument in qgraph.
  o Fixed a bug with numeric assignment for the 'arrows' argument on curved lines
  o By default lines are now only curved if there is no other edge with a weight over the minimum between the two nodes instead of if there is any other edge between the two nodes.
  o Greek labels are now identified by using sapply rather than a for-loop.
  o Added 'tex' as filetype. Graphs can now be output in a .tex format using the 'tikzDevice'. The .tex file can then be build in LaTeX compilers. 
  o The 'tooltips' argument can now also be used for filetype='tex'
  o Replaced the use of 'windows' function with the 'dev.new' function. This should fix problems with the default output on platforms other than Windows.
  o By default, a new R window is now only opened if the active device is the NULL-device.
  o Added the 'qgraph.panel' function. Which creates a 4-panel plot with useful default graphs for correlation matrices.
  
Changes in Version 0.4.2
  o Changed the standard output in R to fixed width windows (windows(rescale="fixed"...).
  o Fixed a spelling error in the authors.
  o Minimum and maximum details moved slightly to the center.
  o Fixed a bug in identifying the factors in 'qgraph.loadings'
  o Extended and improved the examples of the qgraph.efa, qgraph.pca and qgraph.loadings functions.
  o Changed qgraph from depending to suggesting the psych, sem and RSVGTipsDevice packages. This enables 64bit users to install the complete package
  o Similar to 'qgraph', 'qgraph.loadings' 'qgraph.efa' and 'qgraph.pca' now also return (invisible) a list of class "qgraph" containing the arguments.
  o Removed scaling of the sizes of arrow heads, and added the argument 'asize' to control arrow head size.
  o Added a new function, 'qgraph.arrow' which will be used to draw the arrowheads instead of 'arrows'. This enables closed arrowheads (by default) as well as better optimalization for pdf output.